Scalability SessionPaper 1: Algorand - Scaling Byzantine Agreements for CryptocurrenciesSpeaker: Yossi GiladDate: 29th October. 10:50 amKey Points:61	Algorand deals with cryptocurrency scaling, security and availability61	It weights users by money and samples the committee members non-interactively and randomly61	Contrary to bitcoin, forks are not created in its blockchain61	Evaluation using 1000 AWS machines proves that Algorand achieves higher throughput and lower latency than BitcoinQ&A:61	Did you do any comparisons to other cryptocurrencies?o	No. we just mention the other related works.61	Q: Can you handle many rich users being offline?o	Yes, we use delegations61	Q: Does the compute time include verification on the wealth that is used as voting weights?o	 Yes61	Q: Will the code be made available?o	No61	Q: How would you attack Algorand?o	I don’t know. I believe it is secure.Scalability SessionPaper 2: Scaling a file system to many cores using an operation logSpeaker: Srivatsa S. BhatDate: 29th October. 11:15amKey Points:61	Current file systems do not scale. The paper presents ScaleFS C a filesystem that achieves scalability by having no cache line conflicts.61	Idea: Use two separate filesystems C MemFS and DiskFS: MemFS accounts for the multicore scalability and DiskFS for durability.61	Fsync uses operation logs to flush updates from MemFS to DiskFS. mNodes are separated from iNodes, and allocation of iNodes in DiskFS is deferred until fsync. 61	Use synchronized timestamp counters to define the order of operations61	Evaluation shows that ScaleFS scales much more that traditional filesystems like ext4.Q&A:61	Q: why separating mnodes and inodes? Why allocating inodes prevents scalability?o	Because inodes have to be registered as used in the inode super-block in the disk.61	Q: Do you handle transactions?o	No, but we can use locks61	Q: What about snapshot consistency?o	We don’t do snapshotsScalability SessionPaper 3: SVE: Distributed Video Processing at Facebook ScaleSpeaker: Qi HuangDate: 29th October. 11:45amKey Points:61	Video is growing, processing is diverse and demanding; and the the paper focuses the pre-sharing pipeline61	Parallelism: SVE uses parallel processing (for video encoding) with many workers. Results show 2.3-9.3x speedup in processing61	Flexibility: SVE implements a DAG framework C it generates a dynamic DAG for the processing flow of each video61	Robustness: SVE tolerates overload C relies on prioritizing; deferring full video processing, regional redirection;  Q&A:61	Q: The design of SVE looks good and ordinary. Why FB did not do this design at first?o	A: Legacy.Couldn’t catch the other questions… 