DATE & TIME: 29th Oct, 10:45 amSESSION TITLE: Session 2 ScalabilityTALK TITLE: AlgorandSPEAKER: Yossi GiladKEY POINTS:Cryptocurrency: Byzantine agreement challenges1.	Security022.	Scaling: broadcast3.	AvailabilityAlgorand: scalable permissionless cryptocurrency using BAUsing gossip networkpublic keys are assigned based on wealthSample a random committee using weights to scale BAOnly committee members send messages, others gossip. Replace committee at every step of BA.1 - 2 orders of magnitude faster than Bitcoin. Performance is stable with growing number of users.Q & A:1.	More recent blockchain systems02comparison. A: Just compare with Bitcoin.2.	Handle users offline that cannot participate. A: Ask other users to vote for offline users.3.	Code is not available.4.	How to attack the system. A: I don’t know.Scaling a file system using operation logSrivatsa S. Bhat, 10/29, 11:10amCurrent file systems don’t scale well: ext4Block contention02limits file creation scalabilityGoal:02No cache-line conflictsScaleFS: MemFS and DiskFS. MemFS for scalability and DiskFS for durability.02MemFS uses hash table for directories.Fsync: DiskFS must be consistent with MemFS.Implementation: Use per-core operation log for MemFS and defer updates to DiskFS. Order operations use synchronized timestamp counters.Separate inodes in MemFS from02inodes in DiskFS.02Mnode->02inode tableQ:021.	How to scale DiskFS? Per-core journal on Disk.2.	Why02mnode?02Block cache02on Disk needs scalability since it uses bitmap has block sharing problem.3.	Two cores work on the same file: Do not scale4.	Ramdisk vs HDD: IO is bottleneck in HDD.5.	Compare with NOVA: MemFS does not provide durability6.	Does VFS perform locking? ScaleFS is built on KV6 and does not have the VFS layer.SVE: Scaling video processing at FacebookQi Huang, 10/29, 11:35amVideo is growing at FacebookLegacy: upload video to webserver, persist to original storage, processing and persist to final storage.Processing is a bottleneck.Challenges:SpeedyFlexibleRobustSpeedy: parallelism, overlap processing with fault-tolerance, schedule processing with parallel workers.Overlap upload and processing.Flexible:DAG on stream-of-tracks abstraction. Parallel tracks allow for concurrency and scalability.Robust:Degrade non-latency-sensitive tasks. Defer full video processing for new uploads. Assign priority to worker workloads.Q:1.	Starving problem for low-priority queue: More-advanced scheduling022.	Storage system is overloading: System is not I/O bound.3.	Latency annotation: Assign applications based on QoS.4.	Why Facebook does not start with this design: History issues. First saw the problem and then resolve it.